 /************************************
  ___                  _ _
 | _ )_ _ __ _ _ _  __| (_)_ _  __ _
 | _ \ '_/ _` | ' \/ _` | | ' \/ _` |
 |___/_| \__,_|_||_\__,_|_|_||_\__, |
                               |___/

*************************************/


Today I'm working on my personal brand, which has been skillfully positioned as
"savvy tempered by humility". I have a constellation of apps for managing online
presence and my guiding star is the viral email campaign tool that I use to
promote the products I design for Greegle, my employer. Many years ago I went to
school to become a journalist. But that profession died and I now work for the
company that snuffed its candle out.

Before the Printing Press, Radio, and Television were invented, people got their
news from other people. Strangers and friends alike congregated at taverns and
news spread by word of mouth; the drunken telling of tales bellowed and belched
into the night was the historical equivalent of what we call The News. Now that
journalism has died we're returning to a time that is not dissimilar, the
primary difference being that I am at a cafe hopped up on a $7 Ethiopian single
drip while staring at a laptop to find out about current events via social media
and so is everyone else around me. I could not be less aware of these other
human beings however; except for the youngish man on the opposite side of the
couch who has a strange tick, a kind of clicking sound he makes out loud that he
uses to punctuate the most important thoughts storming around in his head. He is
doing stuff for me. He is a mouth breather. He is nubile and has the soft hands
of a woman.

Software engineers are a strange breed but not too hard to figure out. Somewhere
there is a machine that prints these drones out. A 3D printer of human souls
optimized for programming machines to think more like people than people. At
their best they are a useful bunch and I need them to build my stuff. They mate
for life, like swans, and settle in at the corporation that will pay them best
and make their lives as easy as possible. Our company feeds them free lunch and
dinner, does their laundry, gives them a ride to work, pays their phone bills
and gives them unlimited data plans for the smartphones they spend their free
time pecking at like perpetually hungry birds. Sure, as a Product Manager I reap
the benefits of these perks as well but I'm more like a wily sheepdog picking
off the scraps that slop out of the trough as the hogs feast blissfully,
unburdended by thought.

These people must be carefully managed. I like to think of my management style
as People Curation. Each day I glide silently through the rows of cubicles and
observe each of them with an eagle eye before swooping in after lunch when their
bellies are hot and distended with cafeteria fare prepared by Guatemalans, the
time when their defenses are weakest. What are you working on today? Do you have
any blockers? I am a friend, a confidant. They do not directly report up the
chain to me, which is a fraught situation that I mask with tactic.

A Product Manager is like a mini-CEO for a given project. I am responsible for
seeing it to completion; that its implementation is to spec and it is positioned
correctly in the market; that it is viral; that it is well-designed and
intuitive; useful; even addictive.

Today is Saturday and we are past our deadline. My engineer is sweating it out
while I beat the drum via social channels on the web from my phone. I want
people to know that what I am doing and that it has been cleverly planned. He
issues one last feverish mouth click and stands up to go. We've launched.