--  ____ ___  ____ ___ _  _ _    ____ ___  ____ ___ ____ ____ ____
--  [__  |__] |__|  |  |  | |    |__| |  \ |  |  |  |  | |__/ | __
--  ___] |    |  |  |  |__| |___ |  | |__/ |__|  |  |__| |  \ |__]
--
--
--
--
--

My truest confession is that I don't really understand the point of the website
the Porters run, spatula.org. And I don't understand why my company, Greegle,
would want to buy it for that matter, either. It's a worthless piece of crap.
Literally.

They call it a "Time Banking" app; it allows users to exhange time spent doing
menial chores with one another. The user base is a bunch of granola crunching
hippies trading "time" watching each others' brats and doing the kind of things
I will pay good money for other people to do so I don't have to think about
them. Plus there is no money involved in the trade-based exchanges. Whatsoever.
They are the kind of idealists who are poors that think money is the root of all
evil. But what they fail to realize is that money is the single most
distinguishing characteristic of valuable people versus non-valuable people. How
would other people know that I am a high-value person if I didn't drive a nice
car, dress well and live in an enormous home (like I do)?

The only good use I can think for it is for doing things like taking care of
pets. I suppose I wouldn't want just anyone giving Deathbird her weekly shave
with the clippers. Yes, we started shaving our cat several years ago when my
wife's allergies to dander began to outpace allergy medication technology. I
have had Deathbird since college and we found a reasonable solution in shaving
her using clippers with a nice long guard on them so she is still fluffy to the
touch but not dangerously danderous for my wife. After a few months of doing
this Deathbird became increasingly edgy around mechanical sounds to the point
that even turning on the blender for a morning protein shake sent her into one
of those upside-down tippy-toed U-shaped configurations that cats go into when
they get really scared of something. We took her to what I refer to as a feline
interpreter (a pet psychic named Glenda that came highly recommended) and after
our first meeting Glenda advised we have someone else shave Deathbird away
from home so at least Deathbird can associate the shavings and clipper sounds
with something outside of the house instead of my wife and I and various
everyday mechanical noises in the condo.

We immediately started taking Deathbird to a drive-in pet grooming facility
nearby, which turned out to be a huge mistake. They often kept Deathbird all day
while we were at work and drugged her to the gills with a tranquilizer without
our knowledge or consent. We only found out because Abominatrix left work early
one day with menstrual cramps and picked up Deathbirdj early on the way home.
Deathbird was so tranquilized that she peed on the living room carpet and then
somehow managed to fall face-first into the urine puddle. When my wife came back
into the living room she found Deathbird and rushed her to the high-end pet
clinic around the corner. It turned out that Deathbird was notorious at the
drive-thru groomers because she had put a woman on disability for three months
after scratching her, tripping her, and running on the walls during the third
visit, none of which Abominatrix nor I were notified about. Turns out they
started drugging her after that incident.

Needless to say, we needed to do something about this situation so now we pay
our neighbor's teenage daughter to shave Deathbird in the garage downstairs, and
for a much lower price than the drive-thru place. So I suppose spatula.org would
come in handy if my neighbors daughter goes away and we need to find someone
else to shave Deathbird. But I would certainly want the option of just paying
her; I don't want to actually exchange ~time~ with Angela for the cat shavings;
I guess I could help her elderly grandfather get his medications if worse came
to worse, if I had nothing else to do. Other than that I can't think of a good
use for spatula.org so I'll just come up with a product marketing campaign for
Bob and hope for a new assignment after the acquisition deal with the Porters is
finalized.